---
title: "May 24, 2023 - v1.0.11 Star Citizen 3.19 Support Finally Here!!!"
date: 2023-05-24
tags: [release]
---

Star Citizen 3.19 is here and with it a complete rework of the mining meta. In general this is all great news, very welcome and long overdue but it comes with a few downsides and caveats for us ~~Regolithians~~ *(~~Regolithitites~~? ~~Regal Rock Hoppers~~?.... TBD)*.

The biggest issue is the removal of information sets from the game XML files. In the past we used these files to harvest price data, refinery yield calculations etc. As the Star Citizen universe becomes more dynamic these values will be stored server-side and subject to change via in-game forces.

Again, we love that the universe is becoming more dynamic but without a public API our tools need the data to be hand collected to work.

At Regolith we are going to try to evolve to keep up with these changes so here are the broad strokes:

- **Refinery times are wrong** and we're working on it. Hopefully we can get that figure out soon™
- **Prices calculations are now simply estimates**. When you sell your ore make sure to enter what you ACTUALLY got for it using the new "final sell price" control.
- **Market Data is now harvested from UEXCorp** who have an excellent system for collecting this data.
- Rock calculation and yields data are now dependent on the completeness of your scan. Try to enter every mineral % value to get the best yield estimates.
- Feel free to give us feedback and file bugs. 

There are lots of things planned beyond this simple functionality and we will let you know here as they come online in the coming weeks. Happy mining in the new meta everyone!
