---
title: "September 30, 2023 - Fall 2023 update (3.20)"
date: 2023-09-30
tags: [release]
---

- **MultiCrew** is here! Now you can join someone's ship as a crewmate.
    - New work orders will automatically add all crew members.
    - Crew members that create work orders will assign the order to the Captain automatically.
    - Captains can add or remove crew members to their crew.
    - Crew members can join or leave a crew.
- **Mentioned users are now "Pending Users"** There used to be two lists, one for "Mentioned Users" and one for "Active Users" this was really confusing to people so I changed it to be one big, integrated list.
- **User list Rework** The user list should be simpler to work with now and a lot more feature-rich
    - Context menus available on right-click.
    - Click on the user to get a popup with their status.
    - Click on yourself to get a popup where you can change your status.
- **New Tool: [Market Price Calculator](https://regolith.rocks/market-price)**. This tool will help you figure out what the best price is for your ore and where to sell it.
- **Session users can now have loadouts** Advertise to the session what tools you're bringing to the party.
- **User status** 
    - Click a user in the user list to see a card showing their status, crew, ship, loadout etc.
    - Click on your own name to see a card where you can set your status, ship, loadout etc.
- **New frontpage graphs!!** Who loves data?!? ME!! I DO! I LOVE DATA!!!
- **Custom expenses** (Finally!!) One of the most requested features. You can now add your refuelling, repair and other expenses to your session. These will be deducted from the final payout before the split.
- Changelists are now in the app! You can see them on the "about" page.

- **Changes for 3.20**
    - Price updates from UEX (including new prices from Seraphim station)
    - Loadout Charge window now has a note about maxing out at 50%.

### Under the hood

- Added automation to make updating prices from UEX easier.
- Profile deletion has been completely reworked so it's more secure and less error prone.
- More activities cause the session update timestamp to be set (causing the session to stay open).
- Improved logging on the dev server
- Lots of little bug fixes
